planner: update document about non-prepared plan cache (#14654)
pingcap/docs: sql-non-prepared-plan-cache.md

# SQL Non-Prepared Execution Plan Cache

TiDB supports execution plan caching for some non-`PREPARE` statements, similar to the [`Prepare`/`Execute` statements](/sql-prepared-plan-cache.md). This feature allows these statements to skip the optimization phase and improve performance.

> Enabling this feature may incur some additional memory and CPU overhead, so it's not appropriate for all scenarios and decide whether to enable this feature according to your specific usage scenarios. See [Performance benefits](#performance-benefits) and [Memory monitoring](#monitoring) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the non-prepared plan cache might incur additional memory and CPU overhead and might not be suitable for all situations. To determine whether to enable this feature in your scenario, refer to the [Performance benefits](#performance-benefits) and [Memory monitoring](#monitoring) sections.
```

## Performance benefits

> In internal tests, enabling the non-prepared plan cache feature can achieve significant performance benefits in most TP scenarios. For TPCC, it can bring aroung 4% improvements; For some banking workloads, it can bring 10+% improvements; For Sysbench RangeScan, it can bring 15% improvements.
> 
> However, it also introduces some additional memory and CPU overhead, including determining whether the query is supported, parameterizing the query and looking up a plan in the Cache. If this feature cannot support the majority of queries in your workload, enabling it might actually adversely affect performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In internal tests, enabling the non-prepared plan cache feature can achieve significant performance benefits in most TP scenarios. For example, a performance improvement of about 4% in TPC-C tests, over 10% in some banking workloads, and 15% in Sysbench RangeScan.

However, this feature also introduces some additional memory and CPU overhead, including determining whether the query is supported, parameterizing the query, and searching for a plan in the cache. If this feature cannot support the majority of queries in your workload, enabling it might actually adversely affect performance.
```
